README.rst, before:

====================================
DATERA CloudStack Driver Repository
====================================
.. list-table:: CloudStack Driver Version with Datera Product and Supported Hypervisor(s)
   :header-rows: 1
   :class: version-table

   * - CloudStack Release
     - Driver Version
     - Capabilities Introduced
     - Supported Datera Product Versions
     - Supported Hypervisors
     - Driver URL
   * - 4.5.2
     - v1.0
     - Shared Primary Storage
     - 1.1
     - XenServer 6.2
     - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Datera/cloudstack-driver/master/cloud-plugin-storage-volume-datera-4.5.2.jar

======================
Configuration Options
======================

.. list-table:: Description of Datera CloudStack driver configuration options
   :header-rows: 1
   :class: config-ref-table

   * - Configuration option = Default value
     - Description
   * - **[DEFAULT]**
     -
   * - ``mgmtIP`` = ``None``
     - (String) Datera API port.
   * - ``mgmtPort`` = ``7717``
     - (String) Datera API port.
   * - ``mgmtUserName`` = ``None``
     - (String) Datera API user name.
   * - ``mgmtPassword`` = ``None``
     - (String) Datera API user password.
   * - ``networkPoolName`` = ``default``
     - (String) Datera access network pool name.
   * - ``replica`` = ``3``
     - (Int) Number of replicas to create of an inode.

===================
Configuration Steps
===================

1. Deploy CloudStack by following the instructions http://docs.cloudstack.apache.org/projects/cloudstack-installation/en/4.5/
2. Download Datera CloudStack driver from https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Datera/cloudstack-driver/master/cloud-plugin-storage-volume-datera-4.5.2.jar
3. Restart CloudStack management
```
$ service cloudstack-management restart
```

Commit message:

Update README.rst (#15)
- Change inode to volume
- Add extra steps in Config Steps

README.rst, after:

====================================
DATERA CloudStack Driver Repository
====================================
.. list-table:: CloudStack Driver Version with Datera Product and Supported Hypervisor(s)
   :header-rows: 1
   :class: version-table

   * - CloudStack Release
     - Driver Version
     - Capabilities Introduced
     - Supported Datera Product Versions
     - Supported Hypervisors
     - Driver URL
   * - 4.5.2
     - v1.0
     - Shared Primary Storage
     - 1.1
     - XenServer 6.2
     - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Datera/cloudstack-driver/master/cloud-plugin-storage-volume-datera-4.5.2.jar

======================
Configuration Options
======================

.. list-table:: Description of Datera CloudStack driver configuration options
   :header-rows: 1
   :class: config-ref-table

   * - Configuration option = Default value
     - Description
   * - **[DEFAULT]**
     -
   * - ``mgmtIP`` = ``None``
     - (String) Datera API management vip.
   * - ``mgmtPort`` = ``7717``
     - (String) Datera API port.
   * - ``mgmtUserName`` = ``None``
     - (String) Datera API user name.
   * - ``mgmtPassword`` = ``None``
     - (String) Datera API user password.
   * - ``networkPoolName`` = ``default``
     - (String) Datera access network pool name.
   * - ``replica`` = ``3``
     - (Int) Number of replicas to create of a volume.

===================
Configuration Steps
===================

1. Deploy CloudStack by following the instructions http://docs.cloudstack.apache.org/projects/cloudstack-installation/en/4.5/
2. Download Datera CloudStack driver from https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Datera/cloudstack-driver/master/cloud-plugin-storage-volume-datera-4.5.2.jar
3. Save it to 

   ``/usr/share/cloudstack-management/webapps/client/WEB-INF/lib/``
4. Restart CloudStack management service

   ``service cloudstack-management restart``
